DrupalGap bridges the gap between Drupal and mobile device applications. This
open source project is built around PhoneGap and utilizes the power of JQuery,
JQuery Mobile and of course Drupal. 

Project Homepage: http://www.drupalgap.org

|=================================================|
| Mobile Application Features for Drupal Websites |
|=================================================|

 + Access  Content
 + Register User Account
 + User Login, Logout and Account Update
 + Create, Retrieve, Update and Delete - (C.R.U.D.)
   - Content
   - Comments

DrupalGap consists of two parts:

|=========================================|
| DrupalGap - Drupal Module (6.x and 7.x) |
|=========================================|

http://drupal.org/project/drupalgap

This module allows mobile applications to utilize the power of Drupal websites.
DrupalGap exposes Drupal's content and user features to mobile devices through
the DrupalGap mobile application, or through your own custom mobile application.
Leveraging the power of existing Drupal modules such as Views and Services,
DrupalGap integrates mobile device applications with Drupal.

|================================|
| DrupalGap - Mobile Application |
|================================|

https://github.com/signalpoint/DrupalGap

The DrupalGap mobile application can be installed on a mobile device and connect
to Drupal websites running the DrupalGap module. Once connected, the mobile
device can utilize that Drupal site's content and user features. Developers can
use the open source DrupalGap project on GitHub to create custom mobile
applications in PhoneGap that communicate with their Drupal websites.

The mobile application is available in the Android marketplace.

https://market.android.com/details?id=com.drupalgap

|=======================|
| Who is DrupalGap For? |
|=======================|

1. Mobile Application Users

Installing the DrupalGap mobile application on a mobile device allows a user's
device to integrate with Drupal powered websites that have the DrupalGap module
installed.

2. Mobile Application Developers

Mobile application developers can use the open source DrupalGap framework to get
a jump start on building custom mobile applications in PhoneGap that utilize the
power of their Drupal websites.

|==============================================|
| Installation: DrupalGap + PhoneGap + Android |
|==============================================|

0. Enable the DrupalGap Module on your Drupal Site

1. Complete the PhoneGap Getting Started Guide for Android

   http://docs.phonegap.com/en/2.2.0/guide_getting-started_index.md.html

2. Download the files needed for the latest version of jQuery & jQueryMobile,
   and save each file to PhoneGap's assets/www directory:

   a. http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.8.3.min.js
   b. http://code.jquery.com/mobile/1.2.0/jquery.mobile-1.2.0.min.js
   c. http://code.jquery.com/mobile/1.2.0/jquery.mobile-1.2.0.min.css
	
3. Download the jQueryMobile zip file and extract the images directory from it
   into PhoneGap's assets/www directory.
   
   assets/www/images
   
   This is different than the img directory that is created by PhoneGap's
   getting started guide.

4. Download DrupalGap and extract its contents to PhoneGap's assets/www
directory so drupalgap.js is located here:

   assets/www/DrupalGap/drupalgap.js

   Download Link: https://github.com/signalpoint/DrupalGap/tags

5. Replace the assets/www/index.html file with the default.index.html file
   that comes with DrupalGap:
   
   assets/www/DrupalGap/default.index.html => assets/www/index.html
   
6. Specify your Drupal site path (with NO trailing slash) in drupalgap.js,
   for example:

   'site_path':'http://www.drupalgap.org'
   
7. Copy the contents of DrupalGap/pages and DrupalGap/scripts to the assets/www
   folder so these files (and many more) exist:
   
   assets/www/dashboard.html
   assets/www/dashboard.js

8. Run your new Android Application!

===================================

From here you'll have a great start to building a mobile application that
integrates with your Drupal website.

|======================================================|
| Developing with Localhost Drupal & Android Emulators |
|======================================================|

If you are developing in a localhost environment, and normally access your
Drupal site in a web browser through e.g. http://localhost/my_drupal_site, you
will most likely need to connect to http://10.0.2.2/my_drupal_site inside the
Android emulator to communicate with your localhost Drupal install!
